Update docs (#38)
brighthive/data-resource-generator: docs/source/references/running.rst

.. _running-the-app:

> Successfully Running the DRG

Reviewer: How about just calling this "Run the DRG"? Obviously, you're giving the reader instructions to be successful. Ha.

Plus, "Run the DRG" alludes to these guys, of course: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWaljXUiCaE

============================

.. _step-by-step-instr:

> Steps to Use the DRG

Reviewer: I am a little conflicted about this subsection (after reading more of your documentation!). It seems like the steps should be:

```
#. Run the Data Resource Generator -- see :ref:`Run the DRG<running-the-drg-or-whatever-its-called`
#. Create a Data Resource Schema
#. Send your schema to the DRG and generate Data Resources
#. Interact with your generated  data resources
```

I also think each of these steps should have its own page (except steps 2 and 3). (I'll note how to do this on your other RST files.)

--------------------

You can easily standup a DRG in four easy steps!

#. Create a Data Resource Schema -- see :ref:`basic usage<basic-usage>`
#. Run the Data Resource Generator -- see :ref:`basic usage<basic-usage>` and :ref:`running the application<in-prod-usage>`
#. Generate your Data Resources -- see :ref:`basic usage<basic-usage>`
#. Interact with your generated Data Resources -- see :ref:`basic usage<basic-usage>`

Running the application
-----------------------

Running with Docker is the preferred method. We recommend using docker-compose locally to run the application and using more advanced docker deployment tools such as Docker Swarm or k8s, depending on your needs. Advanced deployment is outside of the scope of this documentation however. Please see `in-production usage <in-prod-usage>`_ for more information.

Running Locally with Docker Compose
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

To run locally via Docker Compose:

#. First build the docker image:

.. code-block:: bash

>     docker build -t brighthive/data-resource-generator .

Author: No. This should build and tag as `latest` -- and the docker-compose references `latest`

>     docker build -t brighthive/data-resource-generator .

Reviewer: Ah, cool

#. Then run the docker-compose.yml file (which will run brighthive/data-resource-generator:latest) with:

.. code-block:: bash

    docker-compose up

Running Locally with Python
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''

This method is sometimes useful for doing development work.

1. Restart the database to clear the data.

.. code-block:: bash

    docker-compose -f test-database-docker-compose.yml down && docker-compose -f test-database-docker-compose.yml up -d

1. To run the application in production mode,

.. code-block:: bash

    pipenv run python wsgi.py

Or to run in testing mode with flask,

.. code-block:: bash

    pipenv run flask run

.. _starting-the-app:

Starting the application
------------------------

> There are two ways to run the application. With an empty database or an already existing database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the DRG with an empty database or an already existing database (e.g., a database previously instantiated by the DRG generation process).
```

> Generation Validation

Reviewer: Should this be somewhere else? It seems like it does not belong in a section that describes database generation.

.. code-block:: JSON
    :caption: Data Resource Generation Payload
    :emphasize-lines: 2

    {
        "data_resource_schema": {},
        "touch_database": false
    }

This will allow the DRG to set itself up and assuming the state of the database is as described in the Data Resource Schema then the models and APIs will be built successfully.

Restarting the application
--------------------------

Restarting of the application is supported. In the event that your application has applied migrations to the database you simply need to ensure you have a saved data_resource_generation_payload.json file in the static folder.

On startup the application will attempt to load the ORM and API based on the data resource schema file. In this mode, the application will not apply any modifications to the database. You must ensure that the state of your database matches the state the data resource schema expects.

In other words, you cannot modify the data resource schema after running the generation and expect the application to handle the migrations.

> Making changes to your database and API

Reviewer: Should you link to "Migrating a live database" here?
